c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BroadAcres\BroadAcres\bin\Debug\BroadAcres.exe.config
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BroadAcres\BroadAcres\bin\Debug\BroadAcres.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BroadAcres\BroadAcres\bin\Debug\BroadAcres.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BroadAcres\BroadAcres\bin\Debug\BroadAcres.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BroadAcres\BroadAcres\obj\Debug\BroadAcres.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BroadAcres\BroadAcres\obj\Debug\BroadAcres.Resources.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BroadAcres\BroadAcres\obj\Debug\BroadAcres.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BroadAcres\BroadAcres\obj\Debug\BroadAcres.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BroadAcres\BroadAcres\obj\Debug\BroadAcres.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BroadAcres\BroadAcres\obj\Debug\BroadAcres.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BroadAcres\BroadAcres\obj\Debug\BroadAcres.home.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BroadAcres\BroadAcres\obj\Debug\BroadAcres.settings.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BroadAcres\BroadAcres\obj\Debug\BroadAcres.bookings.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BroadAcres\BroadAcres\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BroadAcres\BroadAcres\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BroadAcres\BroadAcres\bin\Debug\ZstdNet.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BroadAcres\BroadAcres\bin\Debug\K4os.Compression.LZ4.Streams.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BroadAcres\BroadAcres\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BroadAcres\BroadAcres\bin\Debug\Ubiety.Dns.Core.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BroadAcres\BroadAcres\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BroadAcres\BroadAcres\bin\Debug\K4os.Compression.LZ4.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BroadAcres\BroadAcres\bin\Debug\K4os.Hash.xxHash.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BroadAcres\BroadAcres\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BroadAcres\BroadAcres\obj\Debug\BroadAcres.vbproj.BroadAcres.exe.config
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BroadAcres\BroadAcres\obj\Debug\BroadAcres.updateBooking.resources
